news: add post for SciPy 2026 tutorial (#245)
QuantEcon/website: _posts/2026-07-14-scipy-2026-tutorial.md

---
layout: post
title: "Tutorial: Computational Methods for Simulation at SciPy 2026"
author: Matt McKay
excerpt: "QuantEcon delivered a four-hour tutorial on accelerating simulations with NumPy and JAX at SciPy 2026 in Minneapolis."
tag: [workshop]
---

> QuantEcon's [Smit Lunagariya](https://smit-create.github.io/intro.html) delivered a four-hour tutorial on **Computational Methods for Simulation using JAX and NumPy** at [SciPy 2026](https://www.scipy2026.scipy.org/), held at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, on July 14, 2026.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Smit Lunagariya](https://smit-create.github.io/intro.html), currently a Google Engineer and ex-QuantEcon RA, delivered a four-hour tutorial on **Computational Methods for Simulation using JAX and NumPy** at [SciPy 2026](https://www.scipy2026.scipy.org/), held at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, on July 14, 2026.
```
